remember
during he is a man come to
to jesus
marousey my verb my God, remember my son
and and year I channel rage month
if the lines are multiplied it falls into and
multiply water and led him into disciples
yours
and not you younger bolt and shine well in
forest candles
ugly faith and corrupted until
with you before the flight love you bring it
here and forbid him to jesus
come out of it without heal the gift from
o'clock when you start schoolgirls
resource alone and tails
postal impossible to drive him out
u and the case of richie behind them machines the truth
verb va-eshe
and motivating ibex need to be treated and
bitterness come from judgment taboo and lash and
nothing is impossible to you these fats
descends
about prayer and fasting living press if
the world than jesus river and mother to be if
human hands to man and kill him and
on the third day
christians guys from us to you in the gospel
today we hear the selection
that god did not even create christ
comes without that crooked scary not
I will say, and not only adult duty powder
Khanate Kei is visible that the Lord come and
happiness father who has a boy
which is one day with no demons
creepy which draws him tight pain
then water and other place his friend and in
England which describes the same
the event says that this lad
possessed extraordinary strength and when
when lord told the song to come out of it
a boy without strength threw them his loss
to the ground and so he started pizza from
convulsions
foams scary shoulder and worse
said everyone around here is so scary
an event for today is narrated by an evangelist
matthew and here iraq guys see here
god nevertheless shows us
the way out of this situation is post and
strong prayer god we see that then
when jesus comes and from where
Jesus comes miracle
restore
man put situations so then
when you are with us something does not work
or the sea ​​of ​​darkness is really a hotel
movies with a handful
or hostility towards anyone
or something we don't have a face we will have something
warm prayer and hot is better
finish tell dead urge gentlemen
in order for it to come into our lives and
about our
fix and not pierce according to
that God wants to stink from us
and you can ask your parents
because parents already have experience 6
has the experience of faith and therefore will not
neglect parental evil because
what is the prayer of parents
claims particularly visible to God and therefore
for us it is very important not only
living your experiences which else
not enough to handle
front white people who swallowed us
lead the cross they